README.md, before:

# GPT Generated Textbooks

Code to generate textbooks using GPT as well as several fully-generated examples.


_Here is the beginning of the textbook on Algebra, feel free to click [here](https://github.com/RafaelCosman/gpt-generated-textbooks/blob/main/algebra_textbook.md) to view the whole thing._

---

# 1. Introduction to Algebra


## A. Definition of Algebra


### What is Algebra?
Algebra is the branch of mathematics that deals with the study of symbols and the rules for manipulating those symbols. In algebra, we use symbols to represent numbers and unknowns, and use those symbols to form equations, inequalities, and other mathematical statements. Algebra is used to solve problems by finding unknown values, or to determine whether a statement is true or false.

### Symbols
Algebra uses symbols to represent numbers and unknowns. The most common symbols are:
- **Variables**: Variables are symbols that represent unknown values. Common variables are x, y, z, a, b, and c.
- **Constants**: Constants are symbols that represent known values. Common constants are numbers like 1, 2, 3, 4, etc.
- **Operators**: Operators are symbols that are used to perform operations on variables and constants. Common operators are + (addition), - (subtraction), * (multiplication), and / (division).

### Equations
An equation is a mathematical statement that two expressions are equal. An equation will have an equal sign (=) and two expressions on either side of the equal sign. For example:

```
2x + 4 = 10
```

In this equation, the left side (2x + 4) is equal to the right side (10). We can solve this equation by finding the value of x.

### Inequalities
An inequality is a mathematical statement that two expressions are not equal. An inequality will have an inequality sign (<, >, ≤, ≥) and two expressions on either side of the sign. For example:

```
2x + 4 > 10
```

In this inequality, the left side (2x + 4) is greater than the right side (10). We can solve this inequality by finding all values of x that make the inequality true.

### Examples
Let's look at a few examples of algebraic equations and inequalities:

1. **Equation**: 3x + 2 = 10
   - Solution: x = 4

2. **Inequality**: 2x + 4 < 10
   - Solution: x < 3

3. **Equation**: 2x<sup>2</sup> - 5x + 3 = 0
   - Solution: x = 1 or x = 3

4. **Inequality**: x<sup>2</sup> + 4x - 5 > 0
   - Solution: x > -1 and x < 5

### Practice Problems
Try solving the following algebraic equations and inequalities:

1. **Equation**: 5x - 4 = 16

2. **Inequality**: 3x - 7 < 11

3. **Equation**: x<sup>2</sup> + 5x - 6 = 0

4. **Inequality**: 2x<sup>2</sup> + 6x - 11 ≤ 0

### Summary
Algebra is the branch of mathematics that deals with the study of symbols and the rules for manipulating those symbols. Algebra uses variables, constants, and operators to form equations, inequalities, and other mathematical statements. By solving equations and inequalities, we can find unknown values and determine whether a statement is true or false.

## B. Overview of Algebraic Notation


### Notation Basics

Algebraic notation is a language used to express mathematical statements and equations. It is composed of symbols that represent operations, numbers, and variables. The most common symbols are:

- **+**: Addition
- **-**: Subtraction
- **\***: Multiplication
- **/**: Division
- **=**: Equals
- **<**: Less than
- **>**: Greater than
- **(**: Left parentheses
- **)**: Right parentheses

These symbols are used to describe relationships between numbers and variables. For example, the equation `5 + 3 = 8` can be written using algebraic notation as `5 + 3 = 8`.

### Variables

Variables are symbols that represent unknown values. In algebraic notation, variables are often represented by letters. For example, the equation `x + 3 = 8` can be written using algebraic notation as `x + 3 = 8`.

Variables can also represent more than one value. For example, the equation `x + y = 8` can be written using algebraic notation as `x + y = 8`.

### Exponents

Exponents are used to represent the number of times a number is multiplied by itself. In algebraic notation, exponents are written as superscripts. For example, the equation `2<sup>3</sup> = 8` can be written using algebraic notation as `2<sup>3</sup> = 8`.

### Order of Operations

When solving equations, it is important to remember the order of operations. This is the sequence in which operations should be performed when solving equations. The order of operations is:

1. Parentheses
2. Exponents
3. Multiplication and Division
4. Addition and Subtraction

For example, the equation `2 + 3 \* 4 = 14` can be written using algebraic notation as `2 + 3 \* 4 = 14`.

### Example Problem

Let's try solving an equation using algebraic notation.

Given the equation `x + 7 = 12`, we can solve for `x` using the order of operations. First, we subtract 7 from both sides of the equation:

`x + 7 - 7 = 12 - 7`

`x = 5`

So, the solution to the equation `x + 7 = 12` is `x = 5`.

### Practice Problems

Try solving the following equations using algebraic notation:

1. `3x + 2 = 14`
2. `5y - 3 = 12`
3. `2<sup>3</sup> + 4 = 16`

Solutions:

1. `3x + 2 = 14`
`3x + 2 - 2 = 14 - 2`
`3x = 12`
`3x / 3 = 12 / 3`
`x = 4`

2. `5y - 3 = 12`
`5y - 3 + 3 = 12 + 3`
`5y = 15`
`5y / 5 = 15 / 5`
`y = 3`

3. `2<sup>3</sup> + 4 = 16`
`2<sup>3</sup> + 4 - 4 = 16 - 4`
`2<sup>3</sup> = 12`
`2<sup>3</sup> / 2 = 12 / 2`
`2<sup>2</sup> = 6`
`2<sup>2</sup> / 2 = 6 / 2`
`2 = 3`

## C. Types of Algebraic Expressions


### Expressions
An **expression** is a combination of numbers, variables, and operations that can be evaluated to a single numerical value. An expression does not contain an equals sign (=).

For example, the following are all expressions:

- `2 + 4`
- `x + 3`
- `3x - 2y`

### Equations
An **equation** is a statement that two expressions are equal. An equation contains an equals sign (=).

For example, the following are all equations:

- `2 + 4 = 6`
- `x + 3 = 5`
- `3x - 2y = 0`

### Inequalities
An **inequality** is a statement that two expressions are not equal. An inequality contains symbols other than an equals sign. The most common symbols used in inequalities are `<`, `>`, `≤`, and `≥`.

For example, the following are all inequalities:

- `2 + 4 < 6`
- `x + 3 > 5`
- `3x - 2y ≤ 0`

### Practice Problems

1. Evaluate the expression `5x + 3` when `x = 2`.

Answer: `11`

2. Solve the equation `2x + 5 = 17`.

Answer: `x = 6`

3. Solve the inequality `3x - 5 > 10`.

Answer: `x > 5`

## D. Order of Operations


### What is the Order of Operations?
The Order of Operations is a set of rules that dictate the sequence in which operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, etc.) should be performed when evaluating an algebraic expression. It is also referred to as the "PEMDAS" rule, which stands for Parentheses, Exponents, Multiplication, Division, Addition, and Subtraction.

### Why is the Order of Operations Important?
The Order of Operations is important because it ensures that all algebraic expressions are evaluated in the same way, regardless of who is solving them. Without it, different people could solve the same expression in different ways and get different answers.

### Applying the Order of Operations
When solving an algebraic expression, it is important to follow the Order of Operations in order to get the correct answer. The following steps should be followed when applying the Order of Operations:

1. Simplify any expressions inside parentheses.
2. Evaluate any exponents (powers or roots).
3. Perform all multiplications and divisions from left to right.
4. Perform all additions and subtractions from left to right.

### Example
Let's look at a simple example to see how the Order of Operations works:

- `2 + 3 × 4`

In this expression, we have an addition and a multiplication. According to the Order of Operations, we should first perform the multiplication, and then the addition. So, the expression should be evaluated as follows:

- `2 + 3 × 4 = 2 + 12 = 14`

### Practice Problems
Now that you understand the Order of Operations, try solving the following practice problems:

1. `4 + 3 × 7`
2. `2 × (4 + 5)`
3. `4(2 + 3)`

Answers:
1. `4 + 3 × 7 = 4 + 21 = 25`
2. `2 × (4 + 5) = 2 × 9 = 18`
3. `4(2 + 3) = 4 × 5 = 20`

## E. Introduction to Variables

### What is a Variable?
A variable is a symbol that stands for an unknown number. It is used to represent a quantity that can change or vary. Variables are often used in algebraic equations or expressions to represent the unknown values that need to be solved for.

### Types of Variables
There are two types of variables: independent and dependent.

**Independent Variables** are the variables that are not affected by other variables in the equation. These are usually the variables that are used to represent the input values of the equation.

**Dependent Variables** are the variables that are affected by other variables in the equation. These are usually the variables that are used to represent the output values of the equation.

### Examples

Let's look at an example of a simple equation:

```js
y = 2x + 3
```

In this equation, `x` is the independent variable and `y` is the dependent variable. This equation can be read as "`y` is equal to `2x` plus `3`".

The value of `y` is dependent on the value of `x`. If `x` is `2`, then `y` is `7` (`2x` + `3` = `7`). If `x` is `4`, then `y` is `11` (`2x` + `3` = `11`).

### Practice Problems

1. What is the independent variable in the equation `y = 5x + 7`?
   - The independent variable in the equation `y = 5x + 7` is `x`.

2. What is the dependent variable in the equation `y = 5x + 7`?
   - The dependent variable in the equation `y = 5x + 7` is `y`.

3. If `x` is `3`, what is the value of `y` in the equation `y = 5x + 7`?
   - If `x` is `3`, the value of `y` in the equation `y = 5x + 7` is `18` (`5x` + `7` = `18`).

## F. Basic Algebraic Rules


### Commutative Property
The Commutative Property states that the order of numbers does not affect the result of an equation. This means that for any two numbers, a and b, the equation a + b = b + a. For example, if you have the equation 2 + 3 = 5, then the equation 3 + 2 = 5 as well.

### Associative Property
The Associative Property states that the grouping of numbers does not affect the result of an equation. This means that for any three numbers, a, b, and c, the equation (a + b) + c = a + (b + c). For example, if you have the equation (2 + 3) + 4 = 9, then the equation 2 + (3 + 4) = 9 as well.

### Distributive Property
The Distributive Property states that a number multiplied by the sum of two numbers is equal to the sum of two numbers multiplied by the first number. This means that for any three numbers, a, b, and c, the equation a(b + c) = ab + ac. For example, if you have the equation 2(3 + 4) = 14, then the equation 2(3) + 2(4) = 14 as well.

### Identity Property
The Identity Property states that any number multiplied by 1 is equal to the original number. This means that for any number, a, the equation a * 1 = a. For example, if you have the equation 3 * 1 = 3, then the equation 3 * 1 = 3 as well.

### Inverse Property
The Inverse Property states that any number multiplied by its inverse (the number that will result in 1 when multiplied) will result in 1. This means that for any number, a, the equation a * 1/a = 1. For example, if you have the equation 4 * 1/4 = 1, then the equation 4 * 1/4 = 1 as well.

### Practice Problems

1. Use the Commutative Property to solve the equation:
    - 6 + 4 =
    - Answer: 10

2. Use the Associative Property to solve the equation:
    - (4 + 5) + 3 =
    - Answer: 12

3. Use the Distributive Property to solve the equation:
    - 4(2 + 3) =
    - Answer: 20

4. Use the Identity Property to solve the equation:
    - 5 * 1 =
    - Answer: 5

5. Use the Inverse Property to solve the equation:
    - 6 * 1/6 =
    - Answer: 1

## G. Solving Algebraic Equations

### Overview

Solving algebraic equations is the process of finding the values of the unknown variables that make the equation true. It is a fundamental skill in algebra and can be used to solve a wide variety of problems.

### Basic Steps

The basic steps to solving an algebraic equation are:

1. Simplify the equation by combining like terms and rearranging the equation
2. Isolate the variable on one side of the equation
3. Solve the equation

For example, consider the equation `2x + 4 = 10`.

1. Simplify the equation by combining like terms: `2x = 6`
2. Isolate the variable on one side of the equation: `2x = 6 → x = 3`
3. Solve the equation: `x = 3`

### Types of Equations

There are several types of equations that can be solved in algebra. The most common are linear equations, quadratic equations, and polynomial equations.

#### Linear Equations

Linear equations are equations of the form `ax + b = c`, where `a`, `b`, and `c` are constants. They can be solved by isolating the variable on one side of the equation and then solving for the value of the variable.

For example, consider the equation `2x + 4 = 10`.

1. Isolate the variable on one side of the equation: `2x = 6`
2. Solve the equation: `2x = 6 → x = 3`

#### Quadratic Equations

Quadratic equations are equations of the form `ax² + bx + c = 0`, where `a`, `b`, and `c` are constants. They can be solved using the quadratic formula, which is `x = (-b ± √(b² - 4ac)) / 2a`.

For example, consider the equation `x² + 5x + 6 = 0`.

1. Plug the values into the quadratic formula: `x = (-5 ± √(5² - 4(1)(6))) / 2(1)`
2. Solve the equation: `x = (-5 ± √(-19)) / 2 → x = -2 or x = 3`

#### Polynomial Equations

Polynomial equations are equations of the form `axⁿ + bxⁿ⁻¹ + ... + c = 0`, where `a`, `b`, ..., and `c` are constants. They can be solved using a variety of methods, such as factoring and the quadratic formula.

For example, consider the equation `x³ - 3x² + 4x - 12 = 0`.

1. Factor the equation: `(x - 3)(x² + x - 4) = 0`
2. Solve the equation: `x - 3 = 0 → x = 3` and `x² + x - 4 = 0 → x = -1 or x = 4`

### Summary

Solving algebraic equations is a fundamental skill in algebra. There are several types of equations that can be solved, including linear equations, quadratic equations, and polynomial equations. The basic steps to solving an algebraic equation are to simplify the equation, isolate the variable on one side of the equation, and then solve the equation.

Commit message:

Adds list of books with links

README.md, after:

# GPT Generated Textbooks

Code to generate textbooks using GPT, with several full examples.

- [_Algebraic Explorations_](https://github.com/RafaelCosman/gpt-generated-textbooks/blob/main/Algebraic%20Explorations.md)
- [_Biophysics Basics: A Comprehensive Guide_](https://github.com/RafaelCosman/gpt-generated-textbooks/blob/main/Biophysics%20Basics:%20A%20Comprehensive%20Guide.md)
- [_Hidradenitis Suppurativa: A Comprehensive Overview_](https://github.com/RafaelCosman/gpt-generated-textbooks/blob/main/Hidradenitis%20Suppurativa:%20A%20Comprehensive%20Overview.md)
- [_Startup Fundraising: A Step-by-Step Guide for First Time Founders_](https://github.com/RafaelCosman/gpt-generated-textbooks/blob/main/Startup%20Fundraising:%20A%20Step-by-Step%20Guide%20for%20First%20Time%20Founders.md)
- [_The Creative Mind: Unlocking the Secrets of Scientific Creativity_](https://github.com/RafaelCosman/gpt-generated-textbooks/blob/main/The%20Creative%20Mind:%20Unlocking%20the%20Secrets%20of%20Scientific%20Creativity.md)
- [_The Regenerative Kitchen: A Guide to Regenerative Food Systems_](https://github.com/RafaelCosman/gpt-generated-textbooks/blob/main/The%20Regenerative%20Kitchen:%20A%20Guide%20to%20Regenerative%20Food%20Systems.md)
- [_Unlocking the Potential: Groundbreaking Applications of Large Language Models_](https://github.com/RafaelCosman/gpt-generated-textbooks/blob/main/Unlocking%20the%20Potential:%20Groundbreaking%20Applications%20of%20Large%20Language%20Models.md)

As a preview, here is the beginning of _Algebraic Explorations_:

---

# 1. Introduction to Algebra


## A. Definition of Algebra


### What is Algebra?
Algebra is the branch of mathematics that deals with the study of symbols and the rules for manipulating those symbols. In algebra, we use symbols to represent numbers and unknowns, and use those symbols to form equations, inequalities, and other mathematical statements. Algebra is used to solve problems by finding unknown values, or to determine whether a statement is true or false.

### Symbols
Algebra uses symbols to represent numbers and unknowns. The most common symbols are:
- **Variables**: Variables are symbols that represent unknown values. Common variables are x, y, z, a, b, and c.
- **Constants**: Constants are symbols that represent known values. Common constants are numbers like 1, 2, 3, 4, etc.
- **Operators**: Operators are symbols that are used to perform operations on variables and constants. Common operators are + (addition), - (subtraction), * (multiplication), and / (division).

### Equations
An equation is a mathematical statement that two expressions are equal. An equation will have an equal sign (=) and two expressions on either side of the equal sign. For example:

```
2x + 4 = 10
```

In this equation, the left side (2x + 4) is equal to the right side (10). We can solve this equation by finding the value of x.

### Inequalities
An inequality is a mathematical statement that two expressions are not equal. An inequality will have an inequality sign (<, >, ≤, ≥) and two expressions on either side of the sign. For example:

```
2x + 4 > 10
```

In this inequality, the left side (2x + 4) is greater than the right side (10). We can solve this inequality by finding all values of x that make the inequality true.

### Examples
Let's look at a few examples of algebraic equations and inequalities:

1. **Equation**: 3x + 2 = 10
   - Solution: x = 4

2. **Inequality**: 2x + 4 < 10
   - Solution: x < 3

3. **Equation**: 2x<sup>2</sup> - 5x + 3 = 0
   - Solution: x = 1 or x = 3

4. **Inequality**: x<sup>2</sup> + 4x - 5 > 0
   - Solution: x > -1 and x < 5

### Practice Problems
Try solving the following algebraic equations and inequalities:

1. **Equation**: 5x - 4 = 16

2. **Inequality**: 3x - 7 < 11

3. **Equation**: x<sup>2</sup> + 5x - 6 = 0

4. **Inequality**: 2x<sup>2</sup> + 6x - 11 ≤ 0

### Summary
Algebra is the branch of mathematics that deals with the study of symbols and the rules for manipulating those symbols. Algebra uses variables, constants, and operators to form equations, inequalities, and other mathematical statements. By solving equations and inequalities, we can find unknown values and determine whether a statement is true or false.

## B. Overview of Algebraic Notation


### Notation Basics

Algebraic notation is a language used to express mathematical statements and equations. It is composed of symbols that represent operations, numbers, and variables. The most common symbols are:

- **+**: Addition
- **-**: Subtraction
- **\***: Multiplication
- **/**: Division
- **=**: Equals
- **<**: Less than
- **>**: Greater than
- **(**: Left parentheses
- **)**: Right parentheses

These symbols are used to describe relationships between numbers and variables. For example, the equation `5 + 3 = 8` can be written using algebraic notation as `5 + 3 = 8`.

### Variables

Variables are symbols that represent unknown values. In algebraic notation, variables are often represented by letters. For example, the equation `x + 3 = 8` can be written using algebraic notation as `x + 3 = 8`.

Variables can also represent more than one value. For example, the equation `x + y = 8` can be written using algebraic notation as `x + y = 8`.

### Exponents

Exponents are used to represent the number of times a number is multiplied by itself. In algebraic notation, exponents are written as superscripts. For example, the equation `2<sup>3</sup> = 8` can be written using algebraic notation as `2<sup>3</sup> = 8`.

### Order of Operations

When solving equations, it is important to remember the order of operations. This is the sequence in which operations should be performed when solving equations. The order of operations is:

1. Parentheses
2. Exponents
3. Multiplication and Division
4. Addition and Subtraction

For example, the equation `2 + 3 \* 4 = 14` can be written using algebraic notation as `2 + 3 \* 4 = 14`.

### Example Problem

Let's try solving an equation using algebraic notation.

Given the equation `x + 7 = 12`, we can solve for `x` using the order of operations. First, we subtract 7 from both sides of the equation:

`x + 7 - 7 = 12 - 7`

`x = 5`

So, the solution to the equation `x + 7 = 12` is `x = 5`.

### Practice Problems

Try solving the following equations using algebraic notation:

1. `3x + 2 = 14`
2. `5y - 3 = 12`
3. `2<sup>3</sup> + 4 = 16`

Solutions:

1. `3x + 2 = 14`
`3x + 2 - 2 = 14 - 2`
`3x = 12`
`3x / 3 = 12 / 3`
`x = 4`

2. `5y - 3 = 12`
`5y - 3 + 3 = 12 + 3`
`5y = 15`
`5y / 5 = 15 / 5`
`y = 3`

3. `2<sup>3</sup> + 4 = 16`
`2<sup>3</sup> + 4 - 4 = 16 - 4`
`2<sup>3</sup> = 12`
`2<sup>3</sup> / 2 = 12 / 2`
`2<sup>2</sup> = 6`
`2<sup>2</sup> / 2 = 6 / 2`
`2 = 3`

## C. Types of Algebraic Expressions


### Expressions
An **expression** is a combination of numbers, variables, and operations that can be evaluated to a single numerical value. An expression does not contain an equals sign (=).

For example, the following are all expressions:

- `2 + 4`
- `x + 3`
- `3x - 2y`

### Equations
An **equation** is a statement that two expressions are equal. An equation contains an equals sign (=).

For example, the following are all equations:

- `2 + 4 = 6`
- `x + 3 = 5`
- `3x - 2y = 0`

### Inequalities
An **inequality** is a statement that two expressions are not equal. An inequality contains symbols other than an equals sign. The most common symbols used in inequalities are `<`, `>`, `≤`, and `≥`.

For example, the following are all inequalities:

- `2 + 4 < 6`
- `x + 3 > 5`
- `3x - 2y ≤ 0`

### Practice Problems

1. Evaluate the expression `5x + 3` when `x = 2`.

Answer: `11`

2. Solve the equation `2x + 5 = 17`.

Answer: `x = 6`

3. Solve the inequality `3x - 5 > 10`.

Answer: `x > 5`

## D. Order of Operations


### What is the Order of Operations?
The Order of Operations is a set of rules that dictate the sequence in which operations (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, etc.) should be performed when evaluating an algebraic expression. It is also referred to as the "PEMDAS" rule, which stands for Parentheses, Exponents, Multiplication, Division, Addition, and Subtraction.

### Why is the Order of Operations Important?
The Order of Operations is important because it ensures that all algebraic expressions are evaluated in the same way, regardless of who is solving them. Without it, different people could solve the same expression in different ways and get different answers.

### Applying the Order of Operations
When solving an algebraic expression, it is important to follow the Order of Operations in order to get the correct answer. The following steps should be followed when applying the Order of Operations:

1. Simplify any expressions inside parentheses.
2. Evaluate any exponents (powers or roots).
3. Perform all multiplications and divisions from left to right.
4. Perform all additions and subtractions from left to right.

### Example
Let's look at a simple example to see how the Order of Operations works:

- `2 + 3 × 4`

In this expression, we have an addition and a multiplication. According to the Order of Operations, we should first perform the multiplication, and then the addition. So, the expression should be evaluated as follows:

- `2 + 3 × 4 = 2 + 12 = 14`

### Practice Problems
Now that you understand the Order of Operations, try solving the following practice problems:

1. `4 + 3 × 7`
2. `2 × (4 + 5)`
3. `4(2 + 3)`

Answers:
1. `4 + 3 × 7 = 4 + 21 = 25`
2. `2 × (4 + 5) = 2 × 9 = 18`
3. `4(2 + 3) = 4 × 5 = 20`

## E. Introduction to Variables

### What is a Variable?
A variable is a symbol that stands for an unknown number. It is used to represent a quantity that can change or vary. Variables are often used in algebraic equations or expressions to represent the unknown values that need to be solved for.

### Types of Variables
There are two types of variables: independent and dependent.

**Independent Variables** are the variables that are not affected by other variables in the equation. These are usually the variables that are used to represent the input values of the equation.

**Dependent Variables** are the variables that are affected by other variables in the equation. These are usually the variables that are used to represent the output values of the equation.

### Examples

Let's look at an example of a simple equation:

```js
y = 2x + 3
```

In this equation, `x` is the independent variable and `y` is the dependent variable. This equation can be read as "`y` is equal to `2x` plus `3`".

The value of `y` is dependent on the value of `x`. If `x` is `2`, then `y` is `7` (`2x` + `3` = `7`). If `x` is `4`, then `y` is `11` (`2x` + `3` = `11`).

### Practice Problems

1. What is the independent variable in the equation `y = 5x + 7`?
   - The independent variable in the equation `y = 5x + 7` is `x`.

2. What is the dependent variable in the equation `y = 5x + 7`?
   - The dependent variable in the equation `y = 5x + 7` is `y`.

3. If `x` is `3`, what is the value of `y` in the equation `y = 5x + 7`?
   - If `x` is `3`, the value of `y` in the equation `y = 5x + 7` is `18` (`5x` + `7` = `18`).

## F. Basic Algebraic Rules


### Commutative Property
The Commutative Property states that the order of numbers does not affect the result of an equation. This means that for any two numbers, a and b, the equation a + b = b + a. For example, if you have the equation 2 + 3 = 5, then the equation 3 + 2 = 5 as well.

### Associative Property
The Associative Property states that the grouping of numbers does not affect the result of an equation. This means that for any three numbers, a, b, and c, the equation (a + b) + c = a + (b + c). For example, if you have the equation (2 + 3) + 4 = 9, then the equation 2 + (3 + 4) = 9 as well.

### Distributive Property
The Distributive Property states that a number multiplied by the sum of two numbers is equal to the sum of two numbers multiplied by the first number. This means that for any three numbers, a, b, and c, the equation a(b + c) = ab + ac. For example, if you have the equation 2(3 + 4) = 14, then the equation 2(3) + 2(4) = 14 as well.

### Identity Property
The Identity Property states that any number multiplied by 1 is equal to the original number. This means that for any number, a, the equation a * 1 = a. For example, if you have the equation 3 * 1 = 3, then the equation 3 * 1 = 3 as well.

### Inverse Property
The Inverse Property states that any number multiplied by its inverse (the number that will result in 1 when multiplied) will result in 1. This means that for any number, a, the equation a * 1/a = 1. For example, if you have the equation 4 * 1/4 = 1, then the equation 4 * 1/4 = 1 as well.

### Practice Problems

1. Use the Commutative Property to solve the equation:
    - 6 + 4 =
    - Answer: 10

2. Use the Associative Property to solve the equation:
    - (4 + 5) + 3 =
    - Answer: 12

3. Use the Distributive Property to solve the equation:
    - 4(2 + 3) =
    - Answer: 20

4. Use the Identity Property to solve the equation:
    - 5 * 1 =
    - Answer: 5

5. Use the Inverse Property to solve the equation:
    - 6 * 1/6 =
    - Answer: 1

## G. Solving Algebraic Equations

### Overview

Solving algebraic equations is the process of finding the values of the unknown variables that make the equation true. It is a fundamental skill in algebra and can be used to solve a wide variety of problems.

### Basic Steps

The basic steps to solving an algebraic equation are:

1. Simplify the equation by combining like terms and rearranging the equation
2. Isolate the variable on one side of the equation
3. Solve the equation

For example, consider the equation `2x + 4 = 10`.

1. Simplify the equation by combining like terms: `2x = 6`
2. Isolate the variable on one side of the equation: `2x = 6 → x = 3`
3. Solve the equation: `x = 3`

### Types of Equations

There are several types of equations that can be solved in algebra. The most common are linear equations, quadratic equations, and polynomial equations.

#### Linear Equations

Linear equations are equations of the form `ax + b = c`, where `a`, `b`, and `c` are constants. They can be solved by isolating the variable on one side of the equation and then solving for the value of the variable.

For example, consider the equation `2x + 4 = 10`.

1. Isolate the variable on one side of the equation: `2x = 6`
2. Solve the equation: `2x = 6 → x = 3`

#### Quadratic Equations

Quadratic equations are equations of the form `ax² + bx + c = 0`, where `a`, `b`, and `c` are constants. They can be solved using the quadratic formula, which is `x = (-b ± √(b² - 4ac)) / 2a`.

For example, consider the equation `x² + 5x + 6 = 0`.

1. Plug the values into the quadratic formula: `x = (-5 ± √(5² - 4(1)(6))) / 2(1)`
2. Solve the equation: `x = (-5 ± √(-19)) / 2 → x = -2 or x = 3`

#### Polynomial Equations

Polynomial equations are equations of the form `axⁿ + bxⁿ⁻¹ + ... + c = 0`, where `a`, `b`, ..., and `c` are constants. They can be solved using a variety of methods, such as factoring and the quadratic formula.

For example, consider the equation `x³ - 3x² + 4x - 12 = 0`.

1. Factor the equation: `(x - 3)(x² + x - 4) = 0`
2. Solve the equation: `x - 3 = 0 → x = 3` and `x² + x - 4 = 0 → x = -1 or x = 4`

### Summary

Solving algebraic equations is a fundamental skill in algebra. There are several types of equations that can be solved, including linear equations, quadratic equations, and polynomial equations. The basic steps to solving an algebraic equation are to simplify the equation, isolate the variable on one side of the equation, and then solve the equation.
